h1. Medishare

h2. Data Mining and Data Visualization Platform For Healthcare Information

Data is boring, information is interesting! As humans, we tend to better understand a particular issue when it is presented to us in a visual way. Data mining (sometimes called data or knowledge discovery) is the extraction of interesting information or patterns from data in large databases and analyzing data from different perspectives and summarizing it into useful information. On the other hand Data visualization is the graphical representation of information, with the goal of providing the viewer with a qualitative understanding of the information contents. There is a lot of currently untapped potential in the Government Open Data portal. OpenData is a government initiative that was launched on July 8 2011 and focuses in making key government data freely available to the public. This project therefore seeks to provide a platform that performs data mining and visualization of data related to health issues from the government open data repository and data collected through the platform using a simple mobile application. Additionally, this platform will perform a mashup of different datasets establishing relationship as to how they relate. The platform will provide information that can be easily understood and interpreted by researchers, students, doctors and the public. This is meant to arm the public with information on underprivileged areas, as a result driving efforts towards improving the health situation around communities.